Add DPR to models summary (#6690)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_summary.rst

    More information in this :doc:`model documentation </model_doc/mmbt.html>`.
    TODO: write this page

.. _retrieval-based-models:

Retrieval-based models
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Some models use documents retrieval during (pre)training and inference for open-domain QA for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some models use documents retrieval during (pre)training and inference for open-domain question answering, for example.

```
This aimed at beginners so let's not use any unnecessary abbreviation.

DPR
----------------------------------------------

.. raw:: html

   <a href="https://huggingface.co/models?filter=dpr">
       <img alt="Models" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/All_model_pages-dpr-blueviolet">
   </a>
   <a href="model_doc/ctrl.dpr">
       <img alt="Doc" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Model_documentation-dpr-blueviolet">
   </a>

`Dense Passage Retrieval for Open-Domain Question Answering <https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.04906>`_,
Vladimir Karpukhin et al.

> Dense Passage Retrieval (DPR) - is a set of tools and models for state-of-the-art open-domain QA research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dense Passage Retrieval (DPR) - is a set of tools and models for state-of-the-art open-domain question-answering research.

```
